Brother, do you think you can let my son go?
I only have this one seedling.
Phnom Penh
Do you remember what I warned you before?
Do you remember
Don't remember if it's easy
Then tell me what I warned you about
Vengeance in the rivers and lakes
I bully the weak.
otherwise
I want
Obviously your son is spoiled by you
Today he brought it upon himself
And you deserve it.
You recognize that this is my woman
In the future, whether it is you or your subordinates
As long as anyone dares to touch half of his hair
I'll dig a mass grave for him
Yes Yes Yes Yes
Take your son and go
Yeah, me too!
Why do I suddenly feel handsome?
Who the hell are you?
Why is everyone afraid of this boss?
I'm so scared of you
I actually told you the truth a long time ago
You don't believe it yourself
When?
Think about it for yourself
Forget it if you can't remember
I remember now.
You said you were a friend of Zhan Shuai